Oh anybody will see four yeah yeah
protect your face with my ass I could
see they smoke them high fives
warning that's battlefield 4 video
includes bang laughing true and feeling
good she shooting camping winning and
squashing if you enjoyed these funny
videos I'm feel like a bro then please
click the like button below
enjoy find a sniper bro me too looking
at ya
[Music]
they lament the lies they stay at me
wake up till I was thinking a bit
thinking a bet means you're gone it
there hi oh this guy's in the war song
with those guys in front as well
alright I'm gonna try and get one with
the posted on my disputable book claim
on clean war zone you be fucking sue hi
I shit me actually gone across the map
here exactly this is sleazy revenge
may look very alive get up is it off say
to the boy but nipple this guy watch yep
holy fuck
[Music]